Directory hierarchy
===================

WebLab-Deusto uses a directory hierarchy which is also used for managing
configuration. Basically, if you create a simple WebLab-Deusto instance::

  $ weblab-admin.py create sample

You will see that it generates a set of files and directories::
  
  + sample
    + client
      - configuration.js
      + images
        - logo.jpg
        - logo-mobile.jpg
    - configuration.xml
    + core_machine
      - (...)
    + db
    - debugging.py
    + files_stored
    + httpd
      - apache_weblab_generic.conf
      - simple_server_config.conf
    + logs
      + config
        - (...)
      - (...)
    - run.py

Basic files and directories
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following files and directories are simple:

* ``client``: contains the client configuration (a JSON file) and logo images: a big one of the entity and a smaller one for the mobile version.
* ``db``: contains the databases, if stored in disk. When using SQLite, this will be the case and several ``*.db`` files will be stored. When using MySQL, this directory will be empty.
* ``debugging.py``: contains information about which ports are mapped to which functionalities. It is used by the command ``weblab-admin.py monitor sample`` command, as well as by the Bot so as to know to what it must be connected.
* ``files_stored``: if storing files in a laboratory (such as the FPGA, CPLD or PIC laboratories), by default files will be located in this directory.
* ``httpd``: contains configuration files for HTTP servers. By default, WebLab-Deusto comes with a built-in low performance HTTP server for testing. However, it is recommended to use the Apache HTTP server. This directory contains the configuration for both.
* ``logs``: contains the log files generated by the application. It also contains the ``config`` directory, which contains the configuration on how much WebLab-Deusto should store.
* ``run.py``: the script that will launch this WebLab-Deusto instance.

Note that we have skipped a file (``configuration.xml``) and a directory (``core_machine``). They are explained in the following section.

Configuration hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

WebLab-Deusto uses a configuration hierarchy. This hiearchy is based on three major concepts:

* **Machine**: refers to a physical machine.
* **Instance**: refers to a process running in a *machine*.
* **Server**: refers to a functionality running in an *instance*.

**TODO: this is being written in March 2013.**
